Developer docs update (#625)
harvester/docs: docs/developer/developer-mode-installation.md

    sudo cp /etc/rancher/rke2/rke2.yaml ~/.kube/config
    sudo chown $(id -u):$(id -g) ~/.kube/config
    ```
:::info note
Wait until RKE2 will be fully up (all pods in `kube-system` namespace will be running) before continuing with next steps.
:::

:::info note

> If you are unable to locate the `kubectl` binary in `/usr/local/bin`, check `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/bin`.

Reviewer: May you put two note in one `info note` block? Original render result is like following:

![Screenshot 2024-08-21 at 1 36 46 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c14aa1f-e1a6-49c7-8265-57e7df7cbd8a)

Reviewer 2: @FrankYang0529 Thanks for reviewing. I'll clean up the wording and markup when I do my own review. Which doc versions should be updated?

Reviewer: I think we can also apply this to v1.3 document. Thanks.

> Wait until RKE2 will be fully up (all pods in `kube-system` namespace will be running) before continuing with next steps.
> :::
> 
> :::info note
> If you are unable to locate the `kubectl` binary in `/usr/local/bin`, check `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/bin`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info important

Allow some time for all pods in the `kube-system` namespace to reach the `Ready` state before proceeding to the next step.

If you are unable to locate the kubectl binary in `/usr/local/bin`, check `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/bin`.

```

    sudo cp /etc/rancher/rke2/rke2.yaml ~/.kube/config
    sudo chown $(id -u):$(id -g) ~/.kube/config
    ```
    

> :::info important
> 
> Allow some time for all pods in the `kube-system` namespace to reach the `Ready` state before proceeding to the next step.
> 
> If you are unable to locate the kubectl binary in `/usr/local/bin`, check `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/bin`.
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :::info important

    Allow some time for all pods in the `kube-system` namespace to reach the `Ready` state before proceeding to the next step.

    If you are unable to locate the kubectl binary in `/usr/local/bin`, check `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/bin`.

    :::
```

Reviewer 2: The current indentation is causing formatting issues.

![Screenshot 2024-08-22 at 10 30 06 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e60e585a-8286-4733-82c7-2fea09028aec)

    --set bootstrapPassword=admin
    ```

> :::info note
> Wait until Rancher will be fully up (all pods in `cattle-system` namespace will be running) before continuing with next steps.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :::info important

    Allow some time for all pods in the `cattle-system` namespace to reach the `Ready` state before proceeding to the next step.

    :::
```
